feat: add authz supporting subdomain module and ADR-0018 (#561)
openedx/openedx-events: docs/decisions/0018-supporting-subdomain-modules.rst

.. _ADR-18:

0018: Supporting Subdomain Modules for Cross-Domain Events
##########################################################

Status
******

**Proposed**

Context
*******

Events in ``openedx-events`` are organized into domain modules (e.g., ``learning``,
``course_authoring``) following the Open edX architecture subdomains in
:ref:`Architecture Subdomains Reference`. This works well when an event belongs
to a single subdomain.

The `edX DDD Bounded Contexts`_ documentation classifies subdomains as core,
supporting, or generic. Supporting subdomains provide capabilities that multiple
core subdomains depend on, without belonging to any of them. ``analytics`` is the
existing example in ``openedx-events``.

Authorization has the same character: role assignment events originate from

> ``openedx-authz`` and are consumed across learning, content authoring, enterprise,

Author: ```suggestion
``openedx-authz`` and could be consumed across learning, content authoring, enterprise,
```
